# Caveatron Process
Caveatron post-processing software for Windows, Mac, and Linux

## Release Notes
### Version 2.4.3
- Maintenance release with changes to support compiler upgrade to Qt6
- Added function to convert CVL v3 (binary hybrid version) to CVL v2 (text only version)
- Minor GUI fix

### Version 2.4.2
- Fixed issue where angle processing errors occurred in Room Mode scans if the IMU produced faulty data.
- Fixed issue with UTM coordinates for a reference station not being processed.
- Fixed crash issue with MacOS version when using LST, XYZ, or PLT survey file formats.
- Fixed issues with MacOS and Linux version that did not correctly convert SRV files to Compass DAT files.
- Fixed issue with reading an older CVL format
- Fixed some display formatting bugs in Linux version.
If you have difficulty with the Winx64 version, try the Winx86 version which was compiled with an older compiler version.

### Version 2.4.1
- Fixed issue where roll angles were not processed correctly
- Fixed issue with detection and removal of bad IMU data
- Improved handling of scaled displays in the Windows version
- Fixed bug that could cause program to crash when right clicking on failed scan
- Added ability double click on point in Traverse Path and Walls View plot to jump to specific rotation
- Updated user manual


### Version 2.4.0
- Added compatibility with new binary CVL format for Caveatron v3 (Compatibility with all previous Caveatron file formats is retained.)
- Redesigned the scan review screen
- Added ability to select and remove one or more scan rotations from Plan and Profile Wall plot view
- Added ability to select and remove one or more points from the rotation points view
- Added an undo context menu for the above two features.
- Added a Reset button to remove all adjustments made in the Scan Review window and restore it to its initial state
- Added ability to save Caveatron SV Points Mode points into separate files by point type (walls, profiles, or cross sections)
- Bug fixes
- Updated user manual

### Version 2.2.2
- Added new menu item to disable or enable the LIDAR window calibration correction (enabled by default).
- Modified scan selection list to make selected scan highlighting more visible.
- Fixed bug where making more than one edit to a station name and/or scan code caused unexpected station name and scan code changes.
- Fixed bug that caused entered reference station x,y,z coordinates to produce incorrect scan positions.
- Fixed bugs that prevented v1 processing mode from correctly handling certain scans.
- Fixed bug that prevented .xyz station point files from correctly loading.

### Version 2.2.1
- Added new menu item function to update point clouds exported from CloudCompare with new survey station coordinates.

### Version 2.2
- Adds support for converting the .cvp points file generated by the Caveatron SV to a point cloud.
- Adds support for converting LRUDs from the Caveatron SV to Compass Survey Software format.
- Fixed bug so that RPLIDAR modules A2M6, A2M8, and A3M1 will show points as valid instead of filtered.
- Assorted minor bug fixes.

The User Manual has been revised to include the new functions.
